# Recursive-Descent Parsing

This technique uses backtracking to find the correct production to be applied to derive the
input string.

------------



	Algorithm Recursive Procedure for Parsing
    1: Read input left to right. Let a be the current input symbol
    2: procedure Recursive-parser(A)
    3:  	Choose an A-production: A −→ x1x2 ··· xk
    4: 		for i := 1 to k do
    5: 			if xi ∈ N then
    6: 				Recursive-parser(xi)
    7: 			else if xi = a then
    8: 				advance to the next input symbol
    9: 			else
    10: 				ERROR


------------



The parser.py file contains the Python implementation of the Recursive-Descent Parsing in the Python programming language. For any G grammar, it is assumed that epsilon is not in the language generated by that G grammar.

------------
**Input:** Assume that the input is given as follows:
1. First, three positive numbers n,m, k where n is the number of nonterminals in the
grammar, m is the number of grammar’s rules, and k is the number of strings to be
analysed.
2. Then, a single line with the n nonterminals separated by blank spaces.
3. Then, the m rules of the grammar, a single rule for each line. A rule A −→ α is given as
A−α.
4. Finally, the k strings to be analised, a single rule for each line.

**Output:** For each string, print yes if the grammar generates it and no if it does not.

------------

#### Operating system version
-  Ubuntu 22.04.3 LTS

#### The following versions are used for this purpose:
- Python 3.10.12.

#### Author:
- @samuelAriza

